This is homework 4 for Interactive Computer Graphics, by Shangqi Wu.

This program is developed with the virtual machine provided by this course. 

To compile this program, please use the makefile and type "make" in command line. Executable file will be named "hw4". Command "make clean" can remove the executable file.

To run this program, please type "./hw4" in command line. This program successfully fulfills all requirements in the homework instructions. It displays a 3D color cube in the window. 

Default view of cube is to look at the front. (points at z = -0.5)
 
You can invoke menu by right click inside the window. There are 4 options: Scale, Rotate, Translate, and Disabling all transformations. By default, all transformations are disabled. By left clicking the options in the menu, you can choose which kind of transformation to be modified. 

Instruction for modifying transformation by keyboard is listed below:
x: Decreasing x value in current transformation, i.e., moving left in translation, rotating clockwise along x-axis, or shrinking in x-direction
c: Increasing x value in current transformation, i.e., moving right in translation, rotating counter-clockwise along x-axis, or enlarging in x-direction
y: Decreasing y value in current transformation, i.e., moving up in translation, rotating clockwise along y-axis, or shrinking in y-direction
h: Increasing y value in current transformation, i.e., moving down in translation, rotating counter-clockwise along y-axis, or enlarging in y-direction
a: Decreasing z value in current transformation, i.e., rotating clockwise along z-axis, or shrinking in z-direction (no effects when translating)
z: Increasing z value in current transformation, i.e., rotating counter-clockwise along z-axis, or enlarging in z-direction (no effects when translating)

d: Increasing delta for current transformation, while delta for other transformations remain unchanged. 
f: Decreasing delta for current transformation, while delta for other transformations remain unchanged.

r: Reset the transformation matrix to default value, and the view is changed to default view. 

After press corresponding keys, the view of cube is changed immediately. 
